So that's it for this module,
I hope this showed you how you can add
mongodb to a basic application,
in this case with the mongodb node driver.
Can you improve that application? For sure
but it's not so much about the app but about how you connect to mongodb, how you manage that connection
efficiently
and most importantly, how you perform your crud operations and which kind of operation you would not
perform here,
for example creating indexes. You also saw that it's perfectly fine and what you should do to dive into
the official driver docs and find out how to use that driver, how to create a decimal 128 bit object,
how to create an integer 32. Definitely use the docs,
use the knowledge gained in that course because as you saw for inserting, finding and so on, all these operators,
all the logic is the same,
that is exactly what you learned in this course.
So with the knowledge taught in this course, the official driver docs and this module here, you hopefully
now have all building blocks you need to build amazing mongodb based applications.